Oh, I see.
I'll do it now.
Hey, open it up.
Mass graves are dirty
You seem to be missing something now.
What's missing?
Flaws can mask the smell of human things in you
Don't cover up the human smell on you
Stung by the children of the mass grave
You don't have to come back for the rest of your life
It's not grandpa, what did you sprinkle on me?
Why do you stink?
Does fecal water not stink?
Ah, fecal water.
Grandpa, you are so disgusting
Can't you exchange it for something else?
How can anything else be as delicious as water?
The more you stink
The less human
The kid at the mass grave can't find you
Grandpa, I'm going. Wait a minute.
Remember to hurry back when you carry the tombstone
To carry it back in one go
Can't stop, can't stop on the road
Don't be discouraged
this gas
No matter what sound you hear along the way
Don't look back
It can't be hard
What if I was a hard student?
There are three fires on people
The Yuan Yang Qi that represents people
The main reason for the tombstone is to suppress the qi of Yuanyang
Yuan Yang Qi is sufficient and peaceful
If you open your mouth and live your life, you will let go of the fire
After three lives
Sheep Ruo Wild
The tombstone weighs as much as a mountain
Even a cow can crush you